"All arising samadhis, all arising samadhis is also known as compassion samadhis. That tells you
why cut the angles, but that regular wrath, that great emptiness is not just blank emptiness,
it's not just negation status, it's filled with the energy. That energy is compassion, compassion.
Therefore we said the regular wrath that cuts the anger, when you have great compassion, there is
no name of anger at all existing.
There is sunlight and darkness. When there is sunlight, there is no trace of the name of darkness
existing. We have those who have great pure compassion.
That moment, the anger is gone, not just only anger, all the other emotions are gone. What are the
other emotions? Such as jealous, hated thoughts, attachment, arrogance, and doubt and hesitations,
skeptical ideas.
All those just melted, melted where in that dharma, dhatu, in that certainness, meditrache, or
great emptiness states, all melted, all transcendentness, what is now coming up is great compassion
, great loving kindness.
All 5 of us are beginning to shine through. Where ever the nature of the emptiness or dharmakaya
nature is, that far is compassion, that far is loving kindness, that far is wisdom, all those are
Muslims.
That is what the nature is. That is the absolute vedigalaya arising in the form of compassion.
So vedigalaya is compassion, not just anger, it is full of compassion, full of love, and full of
all those words.
So again, this arising, all manifestation samadhi, what is all it means? It is arising energy,
already I mentioned, it is arising energy.
Because of this arising energy, it is also known as transcendent. It is transcendent our regular
habit pattern in the divine mandalas, divine mandalas.
Therefore, it is known as also the great magic. This compassion is like great magic, the
combination of great compassion and emptiness, or the absolute truth.
The combination of it is like great magic, that well, the magic of the great transformations.
It will transform all habit patterns of the gross levels into divine mandalas, mandalas.
Because of that, and then also it will transform, it is great, also it is named like this, what is
called this, this comparison, samadhi, or arising samadhi, is named as magic of skilful means.
It is also named magic of skilful means. Why is called magic of skilful means?
Because when you arise this nature in your heart, when you realize it, that every neurotic mind,
neurotic state, self-important thoughts,
all that completely removed, completely transcendent, it is all natural state, natural state.
Therefore, it is known as magic of the skilful means, magic of the skilful means.
Then is also known as the magic of the great Muslims. Why is it called the great Muslims?
Because even though it is a very different form and different images, for example, we visualize all
those deities, mandalas,
they are no other than the display of compassion and loving kindness.
It is compassion and loving kindness, a pain in that form.
So therefore, it is known as great transformation practices.
And also, when we have these great companions, what does that do?
Also, then it has become the union of compassion and emptiness.
That is the heart essence of the practice of the Buddha's teachings, union of emptiness and
compassion.
If we practice only emptiness, then we are not really touching the heart of the natures.
Natures, we neglect it. We are not completely fully, completely perfect practices.
When compassion and great emptiness or wisdom join together, that is perfect meditation and perfect
practices.
So therefore, this is known as the great compassion, the great transformation of magic of the great
Muslims.